Release r1.2 (Fall'25 M4) (#27)
camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerFill-in: CHANGELOG.md

* for subsequent release-candidate(s), only the delta to the previous release-candidate
* for a public release, the consolidated changes since the previous public release

# r1.2

## Release Notes

This public release contains the definition and documentation of
* kyc-fill-in v0.4.0

The API definition(s) are based on
* Commonalities v0.6.0 [r3.3](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/releases/tag/r3.3)
* Identity and Consent Management v0.4.0 [r3.3](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/releases/tag/r3.3)

## kyc-fill-in v0.4.0

- kyc-fill-in v0.4.0 API definition **with inline documentation**:
  - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerFill-in/blob/r1.2/code/API_definitions/kyc-fill-in.yaml)
  - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerFill-in/r1.2/code/API_definitions/kyc-fill-in.yaml&nocors)
  - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://camaraproject.github.io/swagger-ui/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerFill-in/r1.2/code/API_definitions/kyc-fill-in.yaml&nocors)

> ### Added
>  * N/A
> 
> ### Changed
>  * N/A
> 
> ### Fixed
>  * Alignment with Commonalities r3.3 by @ToshiWakayama-KDDI in https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerFill-in/pull/26
> 
> ### Removed
>  * N/A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
 * Some attributes of the end user information added by the following two PRs:
   * [kyc-fill-in] Birth & Citizenship Information by @ToshiWakayama-KDDI in https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerFill-in/pull/11 
   * [kyc-fill-in] Extended "ID Document" Attribute by @ToshiWakayama-KDDI in https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerFill-in/pull/18
 
 * [kyc-fill-in] Add text on undocumented errors to OAS definition by @ToshiWakayama-KDDI in https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerFill-in/pull/15

### Changed
 * [kyc-fill-in] Update x-correlator format by @ToshiWakayama-KDDI in https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerFill-in/pull/13
 
### Fixed
 * Alignment with Commonalities r3.3 by @ToshiWakayama-KDDI in https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerFill-in/pull/26
 * [KYC Fill-in] Correction of example for gender attribute by @ToshiWakayama-KDDI in https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerFill-in/pull/6

### Removed
 * [kyc-fill-in] Remove AUTHENTICATION_REQUIRED error cod by @ToshiWakayama-KDDI in https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerFill-in/pull/8
```
